V2.16-RUN-15152-alertmanager-alerts (#633)
run-ai/docs: docs/admin/troubleshooting/alertmanager/RunaiCriticalProblem.md

---
title: RunaiCriticalProblem
summary: This article describes the RunaiCriticalProblem alert.
authors:
    - Jason Novich
    - Viktor Koukouliev
date: 2024-Jan-10
---

## Meaning

One of the critical Run:ai alerts is active.

## Impact

The impact is based on the active alert.

## Severity

Critical

## Diagnosis

> Check Run:ai alerts in Prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check Run:ai alerts in Prometheus to find the the active critical alert. 
```

## Mitigation

> Resolve the active alert. If you cannot, then contact Run:ai.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the mitigation section of the relevant alert.
If you cannot resolve the issue, contact Run:ai support.
```
